https://gemini3.devpost.com/ Welcome to the era of Gemini 3. Google DeepMind is thrilled to invite you to the Gemini 3 global hackathon. We are pushing the boundaries of what AI can do by enhancing reasoning capabilities, unlocking multimodal experiences and reducing latency. Now, we want to see what you can create with our most capable and intelligent model family to date. Whether you are a seasoned AI engineer or writing your first line of code, this is your invitation to build the future. We are looking for more than just another chat interface. We want to see fun, creative, next-generation applications built with the Gemini 3 family Why participate? Be First: Get hands-on access to the Gemini 3 API before the rest of the world catches up. Build Something New: This challenge is strictly for new applications. It’s a level playing field for everyone. Win Big: We have a prize pool of $100,000 + interviews with the AI Futures Fund team for an opportunity to fund your project. Requirements What to Build The prompt is simple: Build a NEW application using the Gemini 3 API. There are no category restrictions. Build a game, a productivity tool, a scientific analyzer, or a robotic controller. If it uses Gemini 3 to do something cool, we want to see it! For inspiration, check out the Resources tab! What to Submit Text description describing the Gemini Integration - A brief write-up (~200 words) detailing which Gemini 3 features were used and how they are central to the application. Public Project Link: A URL to your working product or interactive demo. Consider using AI Studio apps, which are the fastest way to build prototypes using the Gemini API. This allows judges to experience your project firsthand, if applicable. It should be publicly accessible and not require a login or paywall. URL to your PUBLIC code repository - required if you do not have an AI Studio link to your project ~3-minute demonstration video - judges may not watch beyond 3 minutes See full rules for details. Judging Criteria Technical Execution | 40% Does the project demonstrate quality application development? Does the project leverage Google Gemini 3? Is the code of good quality and is it functional? Potential Impact | 20% How big of an impact could the project have in the real world? How useful is the project to a broad market of users? How significant is the problem the project addresses, and does it efficiently solve it? Innovation / Wow Factor | 30% How novel and original is the idea? Does it address a significant problem or create a unique solution? Presentation / Demo | 10% Is the problem clearly defined, and is the solution effectively presented through a demo and documentation? Have they explained how they used Gemini 3 and any relevant tools? Have they included documentation or an architectural diagram? Inspiration: Need a spark? Start here. Gemini 3 isn’t just a chatbot—it’s a multimodal reasoning engine. It can see, hear, and understand the world in real-time. Don't just build a text interface; build something that senses and reacts. The launch of Gemini 3 signals the start of the Action Era, transitioning from static chat to autonomous agents that plan and execute complex, long-running tasks. This global hackathon, hosted by Google DeepMind and Devpost challenges you to build high-fidelity AI-powered applications using the Gemini API. We strongly discourage the following types of projects: In the Action Era, if a single prompt can solve it, it is not an application. We are looking for orchestrators building robust systems using the Gemini API in Google AI Studio. Baseline RAG: Gemini 3 Pro features a verified 1M token context window. It natively reasons over entire codebases and document sets; simple data retrieval is now a baseline feature. Prompt Only Wrappers: Applications that are merely system prompts in a basic UI. Simple Vision Analyzers: Basic object identification is obsolete. We want to see spatial-temporal video understanding that recognizes cause and effect. Generic Chatbots: Standard bots for nutrition, job screening, or personality analysis. Medical Advice: No projects generating medical or mental health diagnostic advice. Strategic Tracks: These tracks focus on market potential and technical depth. We encourage you to innovate beyond these prompts to showcase the full potential of Gemini 3 Pro. 🧠 The Marathon Agent: Build autonomous systems for tasks spanning hours or days. Use Thought Signatures and Thinking Levels to maintain continuity and self-correct across multi-step tool calls without human supervision. ☯️ Vibe Engineering: Leverage the Google AI Studio Build tab and Google Antigravity. Build agents that do not just write code but verify it through autonomous testing loops and browser-based verification artifacts. 👨‍🏫 The Real-Time Teacher: Use the Gemini Live API to synthesize live video and audio for adaptive learning. 🎨 Creative Autopilot: Combine Gemini 3 reasoning with Nano Banana Pro for high-precision multimodal creation. Use higher resolution and localized Paint-to-Edit controls to generate professional, brand-consistent assets with legible text FAQs How does Access to the free tier of Gemini 3 work? Here is how the Gemini API pricing (free tier with quota limits in AI Studio) works Rate Limits 2. Can I share a test login with the judges? Yes! There is a submission form question: Testing Instructions. This question is only shown to the judges and Devpost managers and will not be shown publicly. Please note that judges are not required to test the Project and may choose to judge based solely on the text description, images, and video provided in the Submission. Your project still must include either a public AI Studio link or a public code repo. Be sure to review the full rules carefully. 3. Are there Particiation Certificates? No, there are not participation certificates for this hackathon. You can always share your portfolio with others. Google DeepMind Gemini 3 Hackathon Official Eligibility and Rules NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. CONTEST IS OPEN TO EVERYONE EXCEPT FOR RESIDENTS OF ITALY, QUEBEC, CRIMEA, CUBA, IRAN, SYRIA, NORTH KOREA, SUDAN, BELARUS, RUSSIA, AND OR AS LISTED AS INELIGIBLE IN THE ELIGIBILITY SECTION BELOW. ENTRY IN THIS CONTEST CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES. Gemini 3 Hackathon (the “Contest”) is a skill contest where Google will share specific challenges set forth in these Rules as well as in the Devpost page for this Contest, and participants must develop solutions to one of the challenges. The solution that you develop and submit will be evaluated by judges, who will choose the winner(s) in accordance with these Official Rules. The prize(s) will be awarded to the participant(s) with the highest score for the judging criteria. See below for the complete details. 1. BINDING AGREEMENT: In order to enter the Contest, you must agree to these Official Rules (“Rules”). Therefore, please read these Rules prior to entry to ensure you understand and agree. You agree that submission of an entry in the Contest constitutes agreement to these Rules. You may not submit an entry to the Contest and are not eligible to receive the prizes described in these Rules unless you agree to these Rules. These Rules form a binding legal agreement between you and Google with respect to the Contest. 2. SPONSOR: The Contest is sponsored by Google LLC (“Google” or “Sponsor”), a Delaware corporation located at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA, 94043, USA. The Contest will be administered by Devpost, Inc. (“Devpost” or “Administrator”) located at 250 Broadway, 24 Floor, New York, NY 10007. 3. ELIGIBILITY: To be eligible to enter the Contest, you must: (1) be above the age of majority in the country, state, province or jurisdiction of residence (or at least twenty years old in Taiwan) at the time of entry; (2) not be a resident of Italy, Quebec, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Sudan, Belarus, Russia and any other country designated by the United States Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control; (3) not be a person or entity under U.S. export controls or sanctions; and (4) have access to the Internet as of December 17, 2025. Contest is void in Italy, Quebec, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Sudan, Belarus, and Russia and where prohibited by law. Employees, Google Developer Experts (GDEs), interns, contractors, and official office-holders of Google, Devpost, Inc., the Web Developer Experience Community Group (WebDX CG), or any organizations involved with the design, production, paid promotion, execution, or distribution of the Contest, and their parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, advertising and promotion agencies, representatives, and agents or their immediate family or members of their household (“Contest Entities”), and members of the Contest Entities’ and their immediate families (parents, siblings, children, spouses, and life partners of each, regardless of where they live) and members of the households (whether related or not) of such employees, officers and directors are ineligible to participate in this Contest. Sponsor reserves the right to verify eligibility and to adjudicate on any dispute at any time. Persons who are (1) residents of US embargoed countries, (2) ordinarily resident in US embargoed countries, or (3) otherwise prohibited by applicable export controls and sanctions programs may not participate in this contest. In addition, individuals or organizations that are employed by a government agency, or any other individual or organization whose participation in the Contest would create, in the sole discretion of the Sponsor and/or Administrator, a real or apparent conflict of interest are ineligible to participate in this Contest. If you are entering as part of a company or on behalf of your employer, these rules are binding on you, individually, and/or your employer. If you are acting within the scope of your employment, as an employee, contractor, or agent of another party, you warrant that such party has full knowledge of your actions and has consented thereto, including your potential receipt of a prize. You further warrant that your actions do not violate your employer’s or company’s policies and procedures. 4. CONTEST PERIOD: The Contest begins at 1:00 P.M. Pacific Time (PT) Zone in the United States on December 17, 2025 and ends at 5:00 P.M. PT on February 9, 2026 (“Contest Period”). ENTRANTS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE CORRESPONDING TIME ZONE IN THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS. Dates and Timing Submission Period: December 17, 2025 (01:00 P.M. Pacific Time) – February 9, 2026 (5:00 P.M. Pacific Time) (“Submission Period”). Judging Period: February 10, 2026 (9:00 A.M. Pacific Time) – February 27, 2026 (11:45 P.M. Pacific Time) (“Judging Period”). Winners Announced: On or around March 4, 2026 (2:00 P.M. Pacific Time). 5. HOW TO ENTER: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. To enter the Contest, visit the Contest website located at Gemini3.devpost.com (“Contest Site”) during the Contest Period, find the challenges provided by Google on the Devpost site, which challenges are also set forth in these Rules and develop a solution for the challenge. To access the challenge and submit the solution, follow the steps below Obtain access to the submission portal. You must have a Devpost account to register for the Contest as they will administer the Contest. If you do not have a Devpost account already, you can sign up for a Devpost account at no cost from run.devpost.com. Obtain access to the Google Gemini API. Access to Gemini may be obtained by (1) signing up for a no cost trial at https://gemini.google.com/ or (2) using an existing Google account. Entry in the Contest constitutes consent for the Sponsor and Devpost to collect and maintain an entrant’s personal information for the purpose of operating and publicizing the Contest. Submit Your project to the Contest Site. Make sure to complete and enter all of the required fields on the “Enter a Submission” or similar worded page of the Contest Site (each a “Submission”) during the Contest Period. 6. Application Requirements: Please find the Application Requirements and Submission Requirements outlined below (hereinafter, referred to collectively as the “Requirements”). What to Create: Entrants must develop a new application that uses the Gemini 3 API. Project Team: You may submit your Project as an individual, a team, or on behalf of an organization. A Team must consist of only Eligible Individuals, have all team members added as members of the Project on Devpost. If a team or Organization is entering the Submission, one individual must be appointed and authorized (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter the Submission, on the team’s behalf. Functionality: The Project must be capable of being successfully installed and run consistently on the platform for which it is intended, and must function as depicted in the video and/or expressed in the text description that you submit with the Project. New Projects Only: Projects must be newly created by the entrant during the Contest Period. The Project must be your original creation not a modification or extension of Your or anyone else’s existing work. Third-Party Integrations: If a Project integrates any third-party SDK, APIs, data and/or any information belonging to a third party, Entrants must be authorized to use these third-party tools and information in accordance with any terms and conditions or licensing requirements of the tool. If using third-party integrations/content/etc;, you must indicate it in your submission description. Testing: Access must be provided to an Entrant’s working Project (if available) for judging and testing by providing a link to a website, functioning demo, or a test build. If Entrant’s website is private, Entrant must include login credentials in its testing instructions. The Entrant must make the Project available free of charge and without any restriction, for testing, evaluation and use by the Sponsor, Administrator and Judges until the Judging Period ends. Judges are not required to test the Project and may choose to judge based solely on the text description, images, and video provided in the Submission. If the Project includes software that runs on proprietary or third-party hardware that is not widely available to the public, including software running on devices or wearable technology other than smartphones, tablets, or desktop computers, the Sponsor and/or Administrator reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to require the Entrant to provide physical access to the Project hardware upon request. Language: The Application must, at a minimum, support English language use. All Submission materials must be in English or, if not in English, the Entrant must provide an English translation of the demonstration video, text description, and testing instructions as well as all other materials submitted. Multiple Submissions: An Entrant may submit more than one Submission, however, each Submission must be unique and substantially different from each of the Entrant’s other Submissions, as determined by the Sponsor and Devpost in their sole discretion. Submission ownership: Be the original work of the Entrant, be solely owned by the Entrant, and not violate the IP rights of any other person or entity. Intellectual Property: Your Submission must: (a) be your (or your Team, or Organization’s) original work product; (b) be solely owned by you, your Team, your Organization with no other person or entity having any right or interest in it; and (c) not violate the intellectual property rights or other rights including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, contract, and/or privacy rights, of any other person or entity. An Entrant may contract with a third party for technical assistance to create the Submission provided the Submission components are solely the Entrant’s work product and the result of the Entrant’s ideas and creativity, and the Entrant owns all rights to them. An Entrant may submit a Submission that includes the use of open source software or hardware, provided the Entrant complies with applicable open source licenses and, as part of the Submission, creates software that enhances and builds upon the features and functionality included in the underlying open source product. By entering the Contest, you represent, warrant, and agree that your Submission meets these requirements. Financial or Preferential Support: A Project must not have been developed, or derived from a Project developed, with financial or preferential support from the Sponsor or Administrator. Such Projects include, but are not limited to, those that received funding or investment for their development, were developed under contract, or received a commercial license, from the Sponsor or Administrator any time prior to the end of Contest Submission Period. The Sponsor, at their sole discretion, may disqualify a Project, if awarding a prize to the Project would create a real or apparent conflict of interest. Submission Requirements Entries to the Contest must meet the following requirements: Include a Project built with the required developer tools and meets the above Application Requirements. Include a brief text write-up (suggested ~200 words) that describes the Gemini Integration, detailing which Gemini 3 features were used and how they are central to the application. Public Project Link: A URL to your working product or interactive demo. Consider using AI Studio apps, which are the fastest way to build prototypes using the Gemini API. This allows judges to experience your project firsthand, if applicable. It should be publicly accessible and not require a login or paywall. URL to your PUBLIC code repository - required if you do not have an AI Studio link to your project Include a demonstration video of your Project. The video portion of the Project: Should include footage that shows the Project functioning on the platform(s) for which it was built. It should not be longer than 3 minutes. If it is longer than 3 minutes, only the first 3 minutes may be evaluated. It must conform to the technical requirements set forth on the Contest site, including that the Submission must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube (recommended) or Vimeo, and a link to the video must be provided on the Submission form on the Contest Site. It must be in English or include English subtitles. No parts of the submission can be derogatory, offensive, threatening, defamatory, disparaging, libelous or contain any content that is inappropriate, indecent, sexual, profane, indecent, tortuous, slanderous, discriminatory in any way, or that promotes hatred or harm against any group or person, or otherwise does not comply with the theme and spirit of the Contest. No part of that submission contains content, material or any element that is unlawful, or otherwise in violation of or contrary to all applicable federal, state, or local laws and regulations in any country, state or applicable territory where you created the video and in the United States. The Submission must not contain any content, material or element that displays any third party advertising, slogan, logo, trademark or otherwise indicates a sponsorship or endorsement by a third party, commercial entity or that is not within the spirit of the Contest, as determined by Sponsor, in its sole discretion. It cannot contain any content, element, or material that violates a third party’s publicity, privacy or intellectual property rights. 7. SUBMISSION MODIFICATIONS: Draft Submissions Prior to the end of the Submission Period, you may save draft versions of your submission on Devpost to your portfolio before submitting the Submission materials to the Hackathon for evaluation. Once the Submission Period has ended, you may not make any changes or alterations to your Submission, but you may continue to update the Project in your Devpost portfolio. Modifications After the Submission Period The Sponsor and Devpost may permit you to modify part of your Submission after the Submission Period for the purpose of adding, removing or replacing material that potentially infringes a third party mark or right, discloses personally identifiable information, or is otherwise inappropriate. The modified Submission must remain substantively the same as the original Submission with the only modification being what the Sponsor and Devpost permits. 8. JUDGING: On or about the period between February 10, 2026 through February 27, 2026, (“Judging Period”) the Submissions will be evaluated by the Judges in the following Stages. Eligible submissions will be evaluated by a panel of judges selected by the Sponsor (the “Judges”). Judges may be employees of the sponsor or third parties, may or may not be listed individually on the Hackathon Website, and may change before or during the Judging Period. Judging may take place in one or more rounds with one or more panels of Judges, at the discretion of the sponsor. The Submissions will be evaluated by the Judges in the following Stages: Stage One: The first stage will determine via pass/fail whether the Submission meets a baseline level of viability, in that the Submission includes all Submission requirements, reasonably addresses a Challenge, and reasonably applies the requirements. Stage Two: All Submissions that pass Stage One will be evaluated in Stage Two by the Judges based on the following weighted criteria, and according to the sole and absolute discretion of the Judges. Each Submission will receive a score from 1 to 5 per criterion and those criterion scores will be averaged per Submission. Technical Execution - 40% Does the project demonstrate quality application development? Does the project leverage Gemini 3? Is the code of good quality and is it functional? Potential Impact - 20% How big of an impact could the project have in the real world? How useful is the project to a broad market of users? How significant is the problem the project addresses, and does it efficiently solve it? Innovation/Wow Factor - 30% How novel and original is the idea? Does it address a significant problem or create a unique solution? Presentation/Demo - 10% Is the problem clearly defined, and is the solution effectively presented through a demo and documentation? Have they explained how they used Gemini 3 and any relevant tools? Have they included documentation or an architectural diagram? The highest-scoring Submission for each category will be selected as the potential winner(s). The highest-scoring Submission across all categories will win the Grand Prize. Ties will be broken by comparing scores on each criterion in the order listed, and if a tie remains, judges will vote. If a potential winner is disqualified, the Submission with the next highest score will become the potential winner. Determinations of judges are final and binding. The award of a prize to a potential winner is subject to verification of the identity, qualifications and role of the potential winner in the creation of the Submission. No Submission or individual shall be deemed a winning Submission or winner until their post-competition prize affidavits have been completed and verified, even if prospective winners have been announced verbally or on the competition website. The final decision to designate a winner shall be made by the Sponsor and/or Administrator. A Submission can win a maximum of one prize. In the event that no entries are received for a region, no prize will be awarded. On or about March 2, 2026, the potential winner(s) will be selected and may be notified by email, at Sponsor’s discretion for Winner Verification Requirement (as defined below). If a potential winner does not respond to the notification attempt within two days from the first notification attempt, then such potential winner will be disqualified and an alternate potential winner will be selected from among all eligible entries received based on the judging criteria described herein. Except where prohibited by law, each potential winner may be required to sign and return a Declaration of Eligibility and Liability and Publicity Release and provide any additional information that may be required by Sponsor. If required, potential winners must return all such required documents within two days following attempted notification or such potential winner will be deemed to have forfeited the prize and another potential winner will be selected based on the judging criteria described herein. All notification requirements, as well as other requirements within these Rules, will be strictly enforced. The public Winner Announcement will be on or around March 4, 2026. “Winner Verification Requirement” means THE AWARD OF A PRIZE TO A POTENTIAL WINNER IS SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION OF THE IDENTITY, QUALIFICATIONS AND ROLE OF THE POTENTIAL WINNER IN THE CREATION OF THE SUBMISSION. No Submission or individual shall be deemed a winning Submission or winner until their post-competition prize affidavits have been completed and verified, even if prospective winners have been announced verbally or on the competition website. The final decision to designate a winner shall be made by the Sponsor and/or Administrator. Determinations of judges are final and binding.